Are you crazy in the new century?
We just agreed to get married
Do we learn?
you
This is my grandson's wife
Grandma, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up
Look at the real logo.
At a glance, you are a lucky person
Grandma introduce
This is my wife Qingqing
Gu Qingqing is the one
The one who won the first place at the International Costume Awards
I always watch live broadcasts.
Just finished reading it
He's much prettier than on TV
That's right, that's him.
Our family is green
Amazing to win an international award so young
Shi Qing, you are so lucky
Qingqing, you will come to our house in the future
Just don't be shy
This is your home
How can the old lady be called the old lady?
You and Chi Qing are married
Call grandma like him
Hey grandson-in-law
Does your master have anything to tell me?
This brat
Tell me if he wants to bully you
Let me help you.
Beat him up
No, he didn't bully me.
I finally married him
How could I possibly bully him?
If he runs away
Where can I find such a good wife?
Take a good look to see you so loving
I'm relieved.
I tell you
Qingjiang is an heirloom that we swallowed dry
This time it's yours.
Grandma, it's too expensive for me to take
Why can't you accept it?
Do you dislike my wife?
How could I possibly dislike you?
I don't deserve it
What a cat and a dog
You can also enter the gate of our Yan family